Stiles:
Previously on teen wolf...
Somebody's gonna
remember me.
I'll tear you
in half right now.
Somehow I don't think
we're gonna hug this out.
I didn't say it back.
You don't have to.
Scott:  I can't believe
we're not in high school
anymore.
Everything's changed.
(Music playing)
(Whistles)
(Both grunting)
Hey! Nice work, Diaz.
Nolan, you stay in there.
You can take him.
(Players cheering)
Nice work.
That's the best shot
of pre-season.
Thanks, coach.
Assistant coach.
What exactly are you doing?
Drills.
You're giving them hope.
When did I ever
give you hope?
Never.
Exactly.
Nothing motivates more
than withering criticism.
Speaking of, um, losers,
where's your, uh,
where's your
little protege?
Um...
"Um"? Is...
Is "um" a location?
Is "um" behind me?
He'll be here. Okay?
He's the backbone
of this team.
He's stepped it up
in every way possible.
A born leader who
can handle
anything that
you throw at him.
I can't handle this.
Yes, you can.
And you've handled
so much
worse than this.
You're practically
the Alpha now.
I'm nothing without her.
Liam, can you help me
with this, please?
Hayden left me.
She moved,
to protect her sister.
And it's not like she
dumped you or anything.
Why is your arm
so heavy?
(Phone beeps)
Okay, Scott says
coach is losing it.
Liam: Scott's leaving, too.
Going to college
is not leaving, okay?
And we're all gonna
be going to different
colleges eventually.
I thought we were
both applying to ucla.
What, you guys are going
to the same college?
That is not the point.
What is the point?
The point is that
summer's almost over,
we're about to be
seniors,
this is about to be
the best year
of our entire lives,
and you're still captain
of the lacrosse team.
So come on. We got to...
(Groans)
I swear to god, McCall,
if you don't get dunbar
out here in three,
this'll be your last day
as assistant coach.
This is my last day
I can still dock your pay.
I'm a volunteer.
You want my whistle?
Who gave you a whistle?
(Phone vibrating)
(Music playing)
Coach is making
Diaz captain.
Oh, god. Oh, god.
Now, that's how you
play lacrosse, McCall!
Who is that kid?
He's spectacular.
Scott: That's just Liam.
Well, how the hell
am I supposed
to tell them apart?
They're all wearing
the same thing.
Scott: They've got numbers
on their jerseys, coach.
(Groans)
(Indistinct shouting)
(Growling)
(Whistling)
(Music playing)
(Growls)
(Heavy breathing)
Liam, your eyes.
McCall, what
the hell was that?
That wasn't a foul.
That's called winning.
(Indistinct chatter)
(Growling)
Everyone back.
Nolan.
Nolan, hey,
step back, man.
Are you okay?
What are you doing?
(Growling)
(Whimpering)
Liam: You think it's a,
a wolf-wolf or...
Scott: I think
it's just a wolf.
Scott.
(Music playing)
Wolves or werewolves?
They said wolves.
Not interested.
You go. (Exhales)
Liam was asking
for help from
the werecoyote,
not the banshee.
Why me?
Because you're
the former animal.
Nobody understands
mysterious animal
situations like you do.
I'm done with mysterious
animal situations.
I want mysterious men.
French ones.
Lydia: Your flight's delayed.
No, no, it's rerouted.
There's a difference.
Delayed is what happens
when your flight is rerouted.
So you have
plenty of time to help.
(Computer beeps)
Lydia: And there's a storm
system shutting down
Charles de gaulle airport.
It's a minor shower.
Liam's got
everything covered.
They were just
dead wolves.
Doesn't sound
supernatural to me.
(Both grunt)
Whatever happened
to those wolves was
definitely supernatural.
Well, I wouldn't
say definitely.
It could've been
a parasitic infection.
I mean, we get dogs
that come into the clinic
that have botflies
coming out of their skin.
Can that happen
to people?
Yeah.
Yeah, they crawl
under the skin,
lay some eggs,
and eventually
they...
Burst.
(Sighs)
So, you wanna
talk about it?
I thought we were
talking about it.
No, that's not what
I'm talking about.
Oh. That.
(Scoffs) Me.
Yeah. You.
Your fangs, your eyes,
the growl.
Sounds like we're
gonna talk about this.
You just gotta
remember your mantra.
What three things
cannot long be hidden?
I haven't had
to use that in...
Hey.
What three things
cannot long be hidden?
The sun, the moon,
the truth.
Again.
(Sighs)
(Inhales deeply)
The sun...
(Exhales)
(Inhales deeply)
The moon...
(Heart beating rapidly)
(Inhales deeply)
The truth.
(Heartbeat slows)
Better.
You don't have
a suitcase, do you?
I got duct tape.
(Beeps)
Look, all I'm telling
you is what I saw,
and I know what I...
I'm telling you
what you saw
isn't possible.
This patient's
been here since
the facility opened.
Orderly: Didn't this
place open in 1912?
Exactly.
(Music playing)
(Metal clanking)
Dr. fenris: Come on.
Take a closer look
at our friend.
You see this?
He's been covered
in pyroclastic rock
for decades.
It's hardened
volcanic ash.
(Thudding)
(Cracking)
Maybe, uh, I should lower
this a notch or two.
(Gas hissing)
(Orderly screaming)
(Breathing heavily)
(Fire crackling)
(Roaring)
(Indistinct chatter)
(Music playing)
Latin? You wanna
take Latin?
I like Latin.
Liam, who told you
to take Latin?
(Sighs)
Look, everyone says
it's an easy a,
and my gpa sucks.
Well, I applaud you
wanting to raise your gpa,
especially while
applying to colleges.
But easy is not the path
you should be taking.
It... it's been a really
hard year for me.
You want to talk
about your girlfriend,
guidance hours
are posted.
Let's talk about
your schedule.
How does Spanish sound?
Bueno.
Excelente.
As I said, I'm here
to guide you.
Not push, not prod.
Guide.
You think ap calculus is
a little out of my league?
Look, I understand
the need to keep up,
to be recognized
or noticed.
Everybody feels
invisible sometimes.
I don't.
The one thing
i never feel is invisible.
I meant metaphorically.
Literally, too.
I'm here. Right here.
You can see me, right?
Yes, I can see you, Corey.
I've seen a lot of things
at this school,
even when other people
have their eyes closed.
Are you seeing
anything right now?
Yes.
I'm seeing
creative writing.
Have you thought about that?
Perfect, Mr. Hewitt.
You've given this
a lot of thought.
I give everything
And yet, you've never come
into my office and shared
any of those thoughts.
You think I should?
I just want you to know that
I'm here for you guys.
I know I haven't been
in the position
all that long, but...
I also know that students
at this school have seen
and been through
things that
don't exactly come
with easy explanation.
I'll keep that in mind.
I take this
very seriously, Mason.
Anything we talk
about in here
stays between you and me.
(Music playing)
It won't go any further.
Are we still talking about
registering for classes?
I'm talking about anything
you need to talk about.
I think I'm good.
Thanks.
Of course you are.
Nolan,
something tells me
you need to do
more than just talk
about class schedule.
Uh, it can wait.
(Chuckles)
You're here now.
There's still a lot
of people waiting.
Was it the wolf
on the lacrosse field?
Was it the other stuff
we spoke about
over the summer?
We can talk about what
happened in the library,
if you want.
The animal attack.
Don't say that.
Everybody says
"animal attack." But...
Everybody knows that,
that was no animal.
But last night, it was a wolf.
Some kind of wolf.
Some kind.
What other kind of wolves
are there, Nolan?
What kind of wolves
have you seen?
(Sighs)
There's this book,
north American
cryptozoology,
and they have
this entire chapter
on spiders.
And they even have
a section on scarabs, too.
Liam: What's a scarab?
Mason: Oh, you
don't wanna know.
(Music playing)
What happened to
all the books?
Uh, maybe someone's
writing a paper
on mythology
and superstition.
(Sighs)
Or, like,
a hundred papers.
(Woman screaming)
Why does this keep
happening to our school?
(People screaming)
(Rats squeaking)
(People continue screaming)
(Muffled screams)
(Heart beating rapidly)
It looks like we're gonna need
a book on rats, too.
(Music playing)
Mason: You know, it's not
as irrational as you think.
There's actually an
evolutionary advantage
of having an innate
fear of spiders, snakes,
and rats.
How do you know
they came from here?
Mason: Well, they came
clawing through the vents,
and those pipes
lead directly down here.
What is that?
It's a rat king.
(Music playing)
A list, of
every supernatural
in beacon hills.
Starting with
the high schoolers.
Hmm. No, thanks.
Mom.
Mmm-mmm.
You know stuff.
That means
you have to do stuff.
I have an obligation
to educate,
not eliminate all
the problems of beacon hills.
I have to run a school,
and you have to
go enroll in one.
You know the saying,
"if you see something,
say something."
Please stop.
Honey, I care about
you and your friends.
But mostly,
i care about you.
And you're going to be safe
3,000 miles away,
so we don't have
to deal with this.
(Exhales sharply)
(Smacks lips)
I've got work to do.
Mom.
It's not our
problem anymore.
(Door closes)
(Electricity crackling)
(Sighs)
Eight hundred
thousand volts sounds
pretty dangerous.
Just use it on me.
I'll be okay,
i promise.
(Scoffs)
(Exhales)
(Growls)
Mmm.
You have to hold
the button down.
(Electricity crackling)
I'm going to be fine,
Scott.
And if something happens,
i will call Liam.
(Stutters) What if
he's not around?
You think that this thing
is gonna protect me?
I'm a nurse.
A stun Baton
isn't my thing.
You have a thing?
Sort of.
(Music playing)
If something does happen
and people get hurt,
I've got it covered.
(Stuttering) Where did
you get all this from?
Scott, you have
orientation tomorrow.
Classes to schedule.
Cats and dogs
to heal at uc Davis.
(Sighs)
Worry about that.
(Chuckles)
(Inhales deeply)
(Groans)
Oh!
I held the button.
You held the button.
Didn't I? Yeah.
Mmm-hmm.
Malia: You've got two minutes.
What do you think
happened?
(Music playing)
Rats freaked out,
crawled all over each other,
got their tails knotted up.
Tore each other apart
trying to break free.
Mason: You read up
on rat king?
What's a rat king?
Oh! I'm good.
Thank you.
Yep. I'm, I'm good
just over here.
Can you smell it?
It's fear.
Yeah, it's the same
as the ones in
the math classroom.
Why were there rats
in a classroom?
Uh, they ran in
during second period,
uh, about 50 of them.
Your two minutes are up.
Liam: Where are you going?
Paris. This isn't
my problem.
So you think
this is a problem?
Malia: Maybe. Probably.
But you've got it covered,
and I've got a plane
to catch.
I thought it was delayed?
Malia: Rerouted.
(Telephone ringing)
(Music playing)
(Radio static)
(Indistinct radio chatter)
Man: (Over radio)
Available units,
we've got a report of
a 11-80 at wabash...
Parrish: (Over radio)
Highway patrol,
this is deputy Parrish,
beacon hills
sheriff's department.
Already on scene.
I'm looking at a 10-plus
vehicle pile-up.
Multiple injuries.
Man: (Over radio)
Copy that, beacon hills.
Medical is en route.
(Sirens wailing)
(Music playing)
Laceration, room 4a.
(Woman speaking
indistinctly over pa)
Excuse me, sir.
If you wanna be treated,
you have to sign in first.
Man 1: No, you hit me,
dumbass.
Man 2: Well,
you cut me off!
You don't know
how to drive!
What are you talking...
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Move away, both of you,
right now, or you will be
the last to get treated.
Parrish: You heard her.
Parrish. Good, I need
another set of hands.
Can you please keep these
two lovely gentlemen
from killing each other
for the second time tonight?
Man 1: Dumbass.
Ms. McCall?
Yeah.
Oh, my gosh.
You two brought me dinner?
That's really nice.
No.
It's not dinner.
It's not dinner?
(Exhales)
It's definitely not dinner.
We were hoping you could
take a look at it for us.
Well, I was hoping
that someone was going
to bring me dinner.
Now is not the time
for a rat autopsy,
so get this and
yourselves out of here.
No, but we really...
No. Out.
Mason: Okay. All right.
(Music playing)
(Phone ringing)
(Indistinct chatter)
(Heart beating slowly)
(Heart beating rapidly)
You started it.
Back off...
Hey, now, that's
called assault!
Can I get security over here?
Oh, really?
Assault? Assault?
Yeah.
Sir, you need to
calm down... (Grunts)
(Growling)
(Music playing)
What the... what...
Man 1: He's the one
who started it!
(Panting)
The sun, the moon,
the truth.
The sun, the moon...
(Panting heavily)
The sun...
The truth.
(Elevator dings)
(Growls)
(Panting)
The sun, the moon,
the truth.
(Grunts)
Scott? You ready?
(Music playing)
Scott?
(Scuttling)
(Telephone rings)
(Gasps)
(Telephone ringing)
(Wind howling)
(Repetitive dial tone)
(Scuttling)
(Woman screams)
(Crackling)
(Metal door clanks)
(Horse neighs)
(People screaming)
(Rapid gunshots)
Halwyn:  You let it out.
It was supposed to ride
with the hunt forever.
(Grunts)
(Women screaming)
(Guns firing)
(Panting)
(Breath trembling)
Hey, what'd you do
with that rat?
I lost it
in the fight.
(Exhales)
Melissa's
gonna kill us.
I don't think we can
ever go back there again.
Yeah. That might
work for you,
but what about me?
It could be a problem.
Mason: Yeah.
(Music playing)
What are you?
(Growls softly)
You know what I am.
I'm the same as you.
Okay, then what are
you here for?
What are you protecting?
Or is it something
you're hunting?
Something that got away?
(Door opens)
(Growls softly)
Something you let out.
It must be stopped.
Is he talking to you?
I hope not.
(Growls)
(Fire crackling)
Get behind me.
Wait, that's a...
Hellhound.
(Music playing)
(Growling)
(Growling in distance)
(Parrish groaning)
(Crash)
(Growls)
(Growling)
(Groans)
(Chuckles)
Run!
Wait, I'm not
leaving you!
No, he's
a hellhound! Run!
(Growls)
(Growling)
If the wild hunt couldn't
keep you, nothing can.
(Heart beating rapidly)
No. (Growls)
No. No, it's not you.
(Growls)
(Sizzling)
(Liam grunts)
(Liam groans)
(Slashing)
(Both groaning)
(Breath trembling)
(Laughs)
(Sighs)
It won't stay hidden.
(Breathing heavily)
It must be stopped.
Nothing else matters.
(Groans)
(Panting)
The sun.
The moon.
The truth.
Liam?
(Groans)
(Music playing)
What the...
(Chuckles)
(Engine stalling)
Oh, come on.
Whoa.
We can't leave.
Mason: I got you.
Okay. Okay.
(Both panting)
(Groans)
It should be healing
faster than this.
It's hellfire. I mean,
all things considered,
you're doing great.
Well, great isn't supposed
to look like this.
You fought a hellhound
on your own, without Scott.
I don't know when
I'll get used to that.
(Music playing)
(Liam groans)
Wounds heal.
People move.
Things change.
Yeah.
But it still hurts, though.
(Gulps)
(Keyboard clacking)
Oui, oui!
No! No, no,
no, no, no, no.
It's just rats.
Rats and wolves,
and maybe
a little bug problem.
We need you.
And I need Paris.
Paris has been around
for 2,000 years.
It's not going anywhere.
(Music playing)
Malia.
Liam and
Mason called.
Yeah. They've
got it covered.
We can't make you stay,
and I don't wanna try.
But we were hoping that
maybe you would want to.
Well, I don't.
Okay.
(Sighs)
What are we
supposed to do?
Find a hellhound.
(Music playing)
(Gasping)
(Groaning)
We opened a door
to another world.
And something came
out with us.
Now we need
the hellhound to stop it.
(Growls)
(Music playing)
(Twigs snap)
(Grunts)
So we put it back.
We've put things
back before.
Why are you two looking
at each other like
there's something you know
that I don't know?
It might not be
that simple.
We saved stiles,
we brought everyone back,
but that's not the way
it's supposed to happen.
There is always
a price to pay.
We learned that
from the nemeton.
What kind of price?
A big price?
Big.
Halwyn:  You let it out.
(Roars)
(Grunts)
(Music playing)
(Growls)
Okay. We should move
pretty quickly.
Do we even know
what we let out?
This hellhound might be
the only one who does.
(Growling in distance)
(Roars)
(Grunts)
(Groans)
(Panting)
(monroe screams)
(Growls)
I thought you couldn't
kill a hellhound.
Argent.
Then it's true.
Then what's true?
What else
did you hear?
(Panting)
Lydia:  The sound of people
who've never lifted a hand
against another human being.
Scott:
Something was killing them?
They were killing
each other.
In case
anyone forgot...
(Chuckles)
Yeah, I just said
"forgot".
...we almost
lost him last time.
If this turns out to be
something big,
and we don't call him...
He would kill us.
Malia: Or maybe we should
go back to the woods tonight
and find the killer.
Scott?
You guys didn't
hear his voice.
He sounded really
excited to be there.
Uh, just play
the voicemail.
(Music playing)
Stiles:  Hey, Scott.
So, I'm here.
I'm in Quantico, Virginia,
at the FBI.
I'm at the freaking FBI.
It's real. I'm really here.
Uh, I kind of told Lydia
that I miss her and I can't
wait to get home, but...
Listen, Scott, whatever
you're doing right now,
just make sure you're still
getting out of beacon hills.
I mean, maybe you think
you can't leave, you know,
like, the whole thing
falls apart if
you're not there.
Which I get,
but you have to.
so if you don't call me back,
just promise me you're
actually going.
Just get in the Jeep
and go.
(Music playing)
FBI instructor:
You'll find three words
on the official FBI seal,
"loyalty, courage,
integrity."
These are the qualities
we expect of all our interns,
the qualities we demand
of you during
your 6 months with us.
Loyalty, courage,
integrity.
(Mouthing)
You'll join actual
federal agents as
we investigate everything
from white-collar crime
to terrorism...
International and domestic?
Uh,
yes, exactly.
We're also part of task forces
to catch kidnappers,
murderers...
Serial killers?
Yes, even serial killers.
Sorry, I'll raise
my hand, you know.
I'm sorry. Keep going.
(Water slushing)
One recent manhunt had our
crisis response team
chasing down a bizarrely
feral unsub
in the wilderness
of north Carolina.
Is there a problem, uh,
young man?
No. Sorry, uh...
Just got a little excited.
No problem.
Little question, though,
that guy up there,
what's, uh, he wanted for?
Murder.
Is, uh...
Sorry. Just what kind of,
uh, murder, exactly?
Mass murder.
(Music playing)